Feature docs example notebooks (#534)
calliope-project/calliope: docs/examples/3_milp/index.md

In physical terms, this may be associated with the cost of pipework, land purchase, etc.
The purchase cost is also imposed on the CHP, which is applied to the number of integer CHP units in which the solver chooses to invest.

### Asynchronous flow in/out

The heat pipes which distribute thermal energy in the network may be prone to dissipating heat in an "unphysical" way.
I.e. given that they have distribution losses associated with them, in any given timestep a link could produce and consume energy simultaneously.
It would therefore lose energy to the atmosphere, but have a net energy transmission of zero.

This allows e.g. a CHP facility to overproduce heat to produce more cheap electricity, and have some way of dumping that heat.
The `async_flow_switch` binary variable (triggered by the `force_async_flow` parameter) ensures this phenomenon is avoided:

```yaml
--8<-- "src/calliope/example_models/urban_scale/scenarios.yaml:heat_pipes"
```

Now, only one of `flow_out` and `flow_in` can be non-zero in a given timestep.
This constraint can also be applied to storage technologies, to similarly control charge/discharge.

---

> To try loading and solving the model yourself, see the accompanying notebook [here][running-the-milp-example-model]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Where to go next"
    To try loading and solving the model yourself, move on to the accompanying notebook [here][running-the-milp-example-model].
```
